Update unix_socket.md (#26631)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/dogstatsd/unix_socket.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Host" %}}

> **Note**: The Agent install script will automatically create the socket file with the correct permissions and `use_dogstatsd: true` & `dogstatsd_socket: "/var/run/datadog/dsd.socket"` are set by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: The Agent install script automatically creates the socket file with the correct permissions, and <code>use_dogstatsd: true</code> & <code>dogstatsd_socket: "/var/run/datadog/dsd.socket"</code> are set by default. </div>
```
